# PaySafe

### Description
This application implements reversible Ethereum transactions. This type of transaction is useful to ensure that only the intended recipient can access the sent funds. Once a transaction is created, the sender can notify the receiver to visit the application to withdraw the sent Ether. If the sender mistakenly sends Ether to the incorrect address (or the incorrect amount is sent), the sender may cancel the transaction and recieve a refund. Once the recipient has claimed the funds, the transaction is no longer eligible to be cancelled.

### Notes to Developers
#### Prerequisites
* Solidity v0.5.0
* Truffle v5.0.25
* Node v10
* npm v6
* Ganache CLI or GUI
* Metamask

#### Running locally
##### Running and Instantiating the PaySafe contract
* Clone the project locally using git clone (alternatively, download the zip file provided by Github)
* Navigate to the PaySafe folder via commmand line(e.g. Powershell or Terminal)
* Install project dependencies by typing `npm install` in the PaySafe folder
* In a new command line window, run `ganache-cli` and copy the mnemonic for use in Metamask
  * alternatively, run a Ganache GUI instance
* In the previous command line window enter the `truffle migrate --network develop` command
  * This will compile and migrate the required contracts to the development blockchain
* The PaySafe contract is now compiled and ready to be interacted with
##### Running the front-end client
* In a command line terminal, navigate the the client directory located within the PaySafe folder
* Run the command `npm install` to download the required dependencies
* Once installation has completed, run the command `npm run start`
  * The frontend will be compiled and a browser window will open
  * If the browser window does not open navigate to [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/)
* If currently logged into a Metamask account, logout and click "Import using account seed phrase"
* Paste the mnemonic generated by Ganache into the window and enter a password.
* The interface will request access to your Metamask instance. Granting permission will allow you to interact with the local instance of the PaySafe Dapp.
